README.md, before:

![banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40313233/110239339-6e615480-7f6c-11eb-9608-09281c947088.png)


# Finshots Bot (Discord) 
This is a simple discord bot that can send updates (new articles) from FINSHOTS website to a specified channel in a server or to individual users on their DM everyday at a time specified by the user.

# Add Bot to Your Server 
[![Discord-logo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40313233/110236753-a01eef00-7f5d-11eb-9ef5-06e38575a875.png)](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=813101555141836800&permissions=2048&scope=bot) <br>
if hyper link on image does not work, use the link [https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=813101555141836800&permissions=2048&scope=bot](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=813101555141836800&permissions=2048&scope=bot)

# Commands
```
finshots help
```

# Join Mathrithms Opensource Community
[![4wb14iea8olt](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40313233/110236883-8c27bd00-7f5e-11eb-8807-6b21542393b9.png)
](https://discord.gg/8unf2cnE28) <br>
if hyper link on image does not work, use the link [https://discord.gg/8unf2cnE28](https://discord.gg/8unf2cnE28t)

# How to Contribute?
Look for open issues and try to solve them, for discussion or any other help from community join our Discord Channel.

# Special Thanks 
[Devlup labs](https://devluplabs.ml/)

Commit message:

updated readme with commands info

README.md, after:

![banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40313233/110239339-6e615480-7f6c-11eb-9608-09281c947088.png)


# Finshots Bot (Discord) 
This is a simple discord bot that can send updates (new articles) from FINSHOTS website to a specified channel in a server or to individual users on their DM everyday at a time specified by the user.

# Add Bot to Your Server 
[![Discord-logo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40313233/110236753-a01eef00-7f5d-11eb-9ef5-06e38575a875.png)](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=813101555141836800&permissions=2048&scope=bot) <br>
if hyper link on image does not work, use the link [https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=813101555141836800&permissions=2048&scope=bot](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=813101555141836800&permissions=2048&scope=bot)

# Commands
```
Prefix for the commands (add this before all commands): finshots
These commands can be run on any server channel or in DM to the bot.

help --> displays a help message with all intructions to use the bot and the commands
syntax :  help

start --> start  Finshots updates in the channel/DM at a specified time
syntax :  start HH:MM (24 hr. clock format)

update_time --> update time of the channel/DM for the Finshots updates
syntax :  update_time HH:MM Asia/Kolkata (24 hr. clock format)

stop --> stop Finshots updates for the channel/DM
syntax :  stop

latest --> sends the latest articles of the specified category stored in the bot database
syntax :  latest <category name> (optional argument)
category names :  daily, markets, brief, infographics
```

# Join Mathrithms Opensource Community
[![4wb14iea8olt](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40313233/110236883-8c27bd00-7f5e-11eb-8807-6b21542393b9.png)
](https://discord.gg/8unf2cnE28) <br>
if hyper link on image does not work, use the link [https://discord.gg/8unf2cnE28](https://discord.gg/8unf2cnE28t)

# How to Contribute?
Look for open issues and try to solve them, for discussion or any other help from community join our Discord Channel.

# Special Thanks 
[Devlup labs](https://devluplabs.ml/)
